capital = 3234
primary_culture = african_minor
religion = animist
government = hms_government
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.1
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.1
civilized = no

#GreaterPowers = prestige
prestige = 0


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = trinket_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = trinket_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = low_schools

# Technologies


# Inventions
#corvettes = yes

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

ruling_party = ENG_reactionary
last_election = 1835.2.6
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 12
	conservative = 83
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

foreign_investment = {

}

set_country_flag = uncolonized_tag

oob = "CLN_oob.txt"

